Candidate: CVE-2024-31852
PublicDate: 2024-04-05 15:15:00 UTC
References:
 https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/80287
 https://llvm.org/docs/Security.html
 https://bugs.chromium.org/p/llvm/issues/detail?id=69
 https://github.com/llvmbot/llvm-project/commit/0e16af8e4cf3a66ad5d078d52744ae2776f9c4b2
 https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-31852
Description:
 LLVM before 18.1.3 generates code in which the LR register can be
 overwritten without data being saved to the stack, and thus there can
 sometimes be an exploitable error in the flow of control. This affects the
 ARM backend and can be demonstrated with Clang. NOTE: the vendor
 perspective is "we don't have strong objections for a CVE to be created ...
 It does seem that the likelihood of this miscompile enabling an exploit
 remains very low, because the miscompile resulting in this JOP gadget is
 such that the function is most likely to crash on most valid inputs to the
 function. So, if this function is covered by any testing, the miscompile is
 most likely to be discovered before the binary is shipped to production."
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Mitigation:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:

Patches_llvm-toolchain-snapshot:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-snapshot: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-snapshot: DNE
jammy_llvm-toolchain-snapshot: DNE
mantic_llvm-toolchain-snapshot: DNE
devel_llvm-toolchain-snapshot: DNE

Patches_llvm-toolchain-3.5:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-3.5: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_llvm-toolchain-3.5: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-3.5: DNE
jammy_llvm-toolchain-3.5: DNE
mantic_llvm-toolchain-3.5: DNE
devel_llvm-toolchain-3.5: DNE

Patches_llvm-toolchain-3.6:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-3.6: needs-triage
trusty/esm_llvm-toolchain-3.6: needs-triage
esm-infra/xenial_llvm-toolchain-3.6: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-3.6: DNE
jammy_llvm-toolchain-3.6: DNE
mantic_llvm-toolchain-3.6: DNE
devel_llvm-toolchain-3.6: DNE

Patches_llvm-toolchain-3.7:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-3.7: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_llvm-toolchain-3.7: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_llvm-toolchain-3.7: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-3.7: DNE
jammy_llvm-toolchain-3.7: DNE
mantic_llvm-toolchain-3.7: DNE
devel_llvm-toolchain-3.7: DNE

Patches_llvm-toolchain-3.8:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-3.8: needs-triage
trusty/esm_llvm-toolchain-3.8: needs-triage
esm-infra/xenial_llvm-toolchain-3.8: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-3.8: DNE
jammy_llvm-toolchain-3.8: DNE
mantic_llvm-toolchain-3.8: DNE
devel_llvm-toolchain-3.8: DNE

Patches_llvm-toolchain-3.9:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-3.9: needs-triage
trusty/esm_llvm-toolchain-3.9: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_llvm-toolchain-3.9: needs-triage
esm-infra/bionic_llvm-toolchain-3.9: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-3.9: DNE
jammy_llvm-toolchain-3.9: DNE
mantic_llvm-toolchain-3.9: DNE
devel_llvm-toolchain-3.9: DNE

Patches_llvm-toolchain-4.0:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-4.0: needs-triage
esm-infra/xenial_llvm-toolchain-4.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_llvm-toolchain-4.0: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-4.0: DNE
jammy_llvm-toolchain-4.0: DNE
mantic_llvm-toolchain-4.0: DNE
devel_llvm-toolchain-4.0: DNE

Patches_llvm-toolchain-5.0:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-5.0: needs-triage
esm-infra/xenial_llvm-toolchain-5.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_llvm-toolchain-5.0: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-5.0: DNE
jammy_llvm-toolchain-5.0: DNE
mantic_llvm-toolchain-5.0: DNE
devel_llvm-toolchain-5.0: DNE

Patches_llvm-toolchain-6.0:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-6.0: needs-triage
esm-infra/xenial_llvm-toolchain-6.0: needs-triage
esm-infra/bionic_llvm-toolchain-6.0: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-6.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_llvm-toolchain-6.0: needs-triage
jammy_llvm-toolchain-6.0: DNE
mantic_llvm-toolchain-6.0: DNE
devel_llvm-toolchain-6.0: DNE

Patches_llvm-toolchain-7:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-7: needs-triage
esm-infra/bionic_llvm-toolchain-7: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-7: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_llvm-toolchain-7: needs-triage
jammy_llvm-toolchain-7: DNE
mantic_llvm-toolchain-7: DNE
devel_llvm-toolchain-7: DNE

Patches_llvm-toolchain-8:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-8: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_llvm-toolchain-8: needs-triage
esm-infra/bionic_llvm-toolchain-8: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-8: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_llvm-toolchain-8: needs-triage
jammy_llvm-toolchain-8: DNE
mantic_llvm-toolchain-8: DNE
devel_llvm-toolchain-8: DNE

Patches_llvm-toolchain-9:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-9: needs-triage
esm-infra/bionic_llvm-toolchain-9: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-9: needs-triage
jammy_llvm-toolchain-9: DNE
mantic_llvm-toolchain-9: DNE
devel_llvm-toolchain-9: DNE

Patches_llvm-toolchain-10:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-10: needs-triage
esm-infra/bionic_llvm-toolchain-10: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-10: needs-triage
jammy_llvm-toolchain-10: DNE
mantic_llvm-toolchain-10: DNE
devel_llvm-toolchain-10: DNE

Patches_llvm-toolchain-11:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-11: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-11: needs-triage
jammy_llvm-toolchain-11: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_llvm-toolchain-11: needs-triage
mantic_llvm-toolchain-11: DNE
devel_llvm-toolchain-11: DNE

Patches_llvm-toolchain-12:
upstream_llvm-toolchain-12: needs-triage
focal_llvm-toolchain-12: needs-triage
jammy_llvm-toolchain-12: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_llvm-toolchain-12: needs-triage
mantic_llvm-toolchain-12: DNE
devel_llvm-toolchain-12: DNE
