Candidate: CVE-2024-43407
PublicDate: 2024-08-21 15:15:00 UTC
References:
 https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-43407
 https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor4/security/advisories/GHSA-7r32-vfj5-c2jv
 https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor4/commit/71072c9f7f263329841bd38e7e5309074c82ef94 (4.25.0-lts)
 https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor4/commit/951e7d75fcbcaa2590b0719fb0bb0dd0539ca6fa (4.25.0-lts)
 https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor4/commit/71072c9f7f263329841bd38e7e5309074c82ef94
 https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor4/commit/951e7d75fcbcaa2590b0719fb0bb0dd0539ca6fa
Description:
 CKEditor4 is an open source what-you-see-is-what-you-get HTML editor. A
 potential vulnerability has been discovered in CKEditor 4 Code Snippet
 GeSHi plugin. The vulnerability allowed a reflected XSS attack by
 exploiting a flaw in the GeSHi syntax highlighter library hosted by the
 victim. The GeSHi library was included as a vendor dependency in CKEditor 4
 source files. In a specific scenario, an attacker could craft a malicious
 script that could be executed by sending a request to the GeSHi library
 hosted on a PHP web server. The GeSHi library is no longer actively
 maintained. Due to the lack of ongoing support and updates, potential
 security vulnerabilities have been identified with its continued use. To
 mitigate these risks and enhance the overall security of the CKEditor 4, we
 have decided to completely remove the GeSHi library as a dependency. This
 change aims to maintain a secure environment and reduce the risk of any
 security incidents related to outdated or unsupported software. The fix is
 be available in version 4.25.0-lts.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
 sbeattie> embedded copies of ckeditor are in ldap-account-manager,
 sbeattie> rt4, and rt5
Mitigation:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:

Patches_ckeditor:
upstream_ckeditor: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_ckeditor: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_ckeditor: needs-triage
focal_ckeditor: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_ckeditor: needs-triage
jammy_ckeditor: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_ckeditor: needs-triage
noble_ckeditor: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_ckeditor: needs-triage
devel_ckeditor: needs-triage

Patches_ckeditor3:
upstream_ckeditor3: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_ckeditor3: needs-triage
focal_ckeditor3: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_ckeditor3: needs-triage
jammy_ckeditor3: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_ckeditor3: needs-triage
noble_ckeditor3: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_ckeditor3: needs-triage
devel_ckeditor3: needs-triage

Patches_ldap-account-manager:
upstream_ldap-account-manager: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_ldap-account-manager: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_ldap-account-manager: needs-triage
focal_ldap-account-manager: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_ldap-account-manager: needs-triage
jammy_ldap-account-manager: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_ldap-account-manager: needs-triage
noble_ldap-account-manager: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_ldap-account-manager: needs-triage
devel_ldap-account-manager: needs-triage

Patches_request-tracker4:
upstream_request-tracker4: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_request-tracker4: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_request-tracker4: needs-triage
focal_request-tracker4: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_request-tracker4: needs-triage
jammy_request-tracker4: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_request-tracker4: needs-triage
noble_request-tracker4: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_request-tracker4: needs-triage
devel_request-tracker4: needs-triage
