Candidate: CVE-2024-36051
PublicDate: 2024-10-11
References:
 https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-36051
 https://github.com/btcsuite/btcd/releases/tag/v0.24.2
 https://delvingbitcoin.org/t/cve-2024-38365-public-disclosure-btcd-findanddelete-bug/1184
Description:
 In btcd before 0.24.2, removeOpcodeByData mishandles the consensus rules
 for legacy signature verification. There can be a standard transaction that
 would be considered valid by Bitcoin Core but invalid by btcd.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Mitigation:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:

Patches_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec:
upstream_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec: needs-triage
focal_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec: needs-triage
jammy_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec: needs-triage
noble_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec: needs-triage
devel_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-btcec: needs-triage

Patches_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash:
upstream_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash: needs-triage
focal_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash: needs-triage
jammy_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash: needs-triage
noble_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash: needs-triage
devel_golang-github-btcsuite-btcd-chaincfg-chainhash: needs-triage
