Candidate: CVE-2024-9622
PublicDate: 2024-10-08 17:15:00 UTC
References:
 https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-9622
 https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2024-9622
 https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2317179
 https://github.com/orgs/resteasy/discussions/4351
 https://github.com/resteasy/resteasy
Description:
 A vulnerability was found in the resteasy-netty4 library arising from
 improper handling of HTTP requests using smuggling techniques. When an HTTP
 smuggling request with an ASCII control character is sent, it causes the
 Netty HttpObjectDecoder to transition into a BAD_MESSAGE state. As a
 result, any subsequent legitimate requests on the same connection are
 ignored, leading to client timeouts, which may impact systems using load
 balancers and expose them to risk.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Mitigation:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:
 nvd: CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:L [5.3 MEDIUM]

Patches_resteasy:
upstream_resteasy: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_resteasy: needs-triage
focal_resteasy: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_resteasy: needs-triage
jammy_resteasy: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_resteasy: needs-triage
noble_resteasy: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_resteasy: needs-triage
oracular_resteasy: needs-triage
devel_resteasy: needs-triage

Patches_resteasy3.0:
upstream_resteasy3.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_resteasy3.0: needs-triage
focal_resteasy3.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_resteasy3.0: needs-triage
jammy_resteasy3.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_resteasy3.0: needs-triage
noble_resteasy3.0: needs-triage
esm-apps/noble_resteasy3.0: needs-triage
oracular_resteasy3.0: needs-triage
devel_resteasy3.0: needs-triage
