Candidate: CVE-2024-22029
PublicDate: 2024-03-27
References:
 https://bugzilla.suse.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1219208#c12
 https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-22029
Description:
 [Unknown description]
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Mitigation:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:

Patches_tomcat6:
upstream_tomcat6: needs-triage
trusty/esm_tomcat6: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_tomcat6: needs-triage
focal_tomcat6: DNE
jammy_tomcat6: DNE
mantic_tomcat6: DNE
devel_tomcat6: DNE

Patches_tomcat7:
upstream_tomcat7: needs-triage
trusty/esm_tomcat7: needs-triage
esm-apps/xenial_tomcat7: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_tomcat7: needs-triage
focal_tomcat7: DNE
jammy_tomcat7: DNE
mantic_tomcat7: DNE
devel_tomcat7: DNE

Patches_tomcat8:
upstream_tomcat8: needs-triage
esm-infra/xenial_tomcat8: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_tomcat8: needs-triage
focal_tomcat8: DNE
jammy_tomcat8: DNE
mantic_tomcat8: DNE
devel_tomcat8: DNE

Patches_tomcat9:
upstream_tomcat9: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_tomcat9: needs-triage
focal_tomcat9: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_tomcat9: needs-triage
jammy_tomcat9: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_tomcat9: needs-triage
mantic_tomcat9: needs-triage
devel_tomcat9: needs-triage

Patches_tomcat10:
upstream_tomcat10: needs-triage
focal_tomcat10: DNE
jammy_tomcat10: DNE
mantic_tomcat10: needs-triage
devel_tomcat10: needs-triage
